alright here's part two lesson 4 Foggy
Mountain breakdown okay all right we
just ended part 1 now part two is going
to start with this pick up note on the
first fret with the lodi oh and then we
go to 2nd fret on the low D ok you can
figure that how you want you can do this
you know so I don't know and some people
like to use their middle finger so
whether you use your pointer or your
middle is up to you but we need to go
first fret on the low D ok so first
print on the low D little closer here um
that's a d sharp note if you're
wondering be sharp and then we're gonna
go 2nd fret actually haven't played for
you how about let me do that ok then
I'll do it again that's at first measure
more time
okay so we're going to go 1 1st fret on
the low D and then 2nd fret on the low
team and these are slower than out
Caesar blob we have been going that that
now turn down so these are slower first
fret second fret and then after that
Heidi on 2nd fret then after that be
open logie open ok those are all eight
notes they're all slow so let's do this
far that's it again and then we're gonna
have well the thing is right here just
leave these fingers the second fret on
the low D in the second front of the
Heidi just kind of leave them there
alright but the first thing we're going
to do is open hammer to on the low D so
pick the lodi hammer second fret 0 2 and
rhythm doubt that that we're back to
sixteenth notes and then we're gonna do
Heidi's second fret we already have it
down here and then lift up on the low D
open I mean lift up on the on the high G
sorry the high-g drone string the short
string so we have open hammer to open to
to open and then we're going to do Heidi
again on the two then B string open G
open Heidi open Oh Heidi too so boom
boom so let me start with that hammer to
or the hammer open to and play what we
have
do that again for you those tests ring
Heidi Heidi Heidi a loggia Heidi so now
let's go from the beginning of this
lesson go that far ok next major is
going to sound like this or hopefully so
on hopefully I can do it ok we do that
again but then I do this again ok it's
gonna repeat again but let me teach you
this measure first alright we have open
logie open Heidi open hygiene and then
we're going to go to three so open are
23 do a hammer three and when we do that
we're going to go to three but when we
hammer on that three we want to pick for
Heidi open via pic ID at the same time
like that and then open logie and then
to pull off open on the Lodi to open
when we pull off on that open on the
Lodi to open pick the Heidi again ok ok
so let's do what we have thus far on
this measure we've been talking about
again and it opened Jean again and then
open high G and then open low G then
open Heidi then open low G ok so now
let's do the whole thing what we've done
thus far in this whole entire lesson
starting with the bomb bomb ok here we
go slowly
then you repeat it and then we're going
to do something else all right let me do
that for you one more time because I do
have time just a minute baby out Ramos
finish then I'll show you okay one more
thing all right here we go ok then we'll
finish the next part in less than three